so as part of the songs
children now here at the clear
fountain always with the same three
agreements ie the D major the the
7th and the minor and I show you
first base version to take it and
for the most beginners of you
and then I'll show you a version
in arpeggios more prevent just now
in fact it's very simple to sing you
go see go
the clear fountain of marne allan poe
n 3 4 months
than
shameful
second to 3-4 I find it too
he was following
here's third verses 3-4 and let's go
that I
you see it's very simple to play
like that go once in full on this
slow pace for to work it 3 4
shameful
I have everything
as low
than
after
and
ja
here I let you go back
to work it and now
compromise here version in arpeggios this
art toll that I propose
we do 1 2 3 4 with the fingers on the
four bodies
another
I will
I 'm not
and
that I
I
all
here I let you go back
also to work it and here again
a third version where this time